Flood Risk Prediction tool

Key Requirements
The project must provide the following:

at least one analysis method to estimate a number of attributes for unlabelled postcodes extrapolated from sample data:
Flood risk from rivers & seas (on a 10 point scale).
Flood risk from surface water (on a 10 point scale).

Median house price.
at least one analysis method to estimate the Local Authority & flood risks of arbitrary locations.
a process to find the rainfall and water level near a given postcode from provided rainfall, river and tide level data, or by looking online.
visualization and analysis tools for the postcode, rainfall, river & tide data provided to you, ideally in a way which will identify potential areas at immediate risk of flooding by combining the data.

The code should have installation instructions and basic documentation, as docstrings for functions & class methods, as a full manual or ideally both.

London postcode density England Flood Risk UK soil types

This README file should be updated over the course of your group's work to represent the scope and abilities of your project.

Assessment
Your code will be assessed for its speed (both at training and prediction) & predictive accuracy.
Your code should include tests of its functionality.
Additional marks will be awarded for maintaining good code quality and for a clean, well-organised repository.

Software Installation Guide
The installation instructions for this software and its dependencies can be found in the documentation generated by the steps specified below for Sphinx documentation. The specific instructions will then be generated as an html file as per the Sphinx functionality.

User instructions
The user instructions for this software and its dependencies can be found in the documentation generated by the steps specified below for Sphinx documentation. The specific instructions will then be generated as an html file as per the Sphinx functionality.

Documentation
The code includes a basic Sphinx documentation. On systems with Sphinx installed, this can be built by running

python -m sphinx docs html
then viewing the generated index.html file in the html directory in your browser.

Testing
The tool includes several tests, which you can use to check its operation on your system. With pytest installed, these can be run with

python -m pytest --doctest-modules flood_tool
Reading list
A guide to coordinate systems in Great Britain

Information on postcode validity

https://ideal-postcodes.co.uk/guides/uk-postcode-format
